# Switch read/write splitting address type {#concept_lqy_54p_wdb .concept}

You can switch the read/write splitting address type based on business scenarios. When you enable the read/write splitting function, the read/write splitting intranet address is generated by default. This article introduces how to switch between the intranet and Internet addresses of read/write splitting.

## Prerequisites {#section_xhp_x4p_wdb .section}

The read/write splitting function is enabled. For more information, see [Enable read/write splitting](intl.en-US/User Guide/Read/write splitting/Enable read/write splitting.md#).

## Precautions {#section_sbs_y4p_wdb .section}

When switching the address type, the master instance is subject to a transient disconnection of up to 30 seconds. To avoid the influence of transient disconnection, we recommend that you switch the network type during off-peak hours and make sure that automatic reconnection is available for your application.

## Procedure {#section_hc5_z4p_wdb .section}

1.  Log on to the [RDS console](https://rdsnew.console.aliyun.com/console/index#/rdsList/).
2.  Select the region where the target instance is located.
3.  Click the target instance ID to enter the Basic Information page.
4.  Select **Connection Options** in the left-side navigation pane to enter the Connection Options page. 
5.  Select **Read/Write Splitting** tab.
6.  Click **Switch to Internet Address**.

    **Note:** Note: If you are switching from the Internet address to intranet address, click **Switch to Intranet Address**.

7.  On the dialog box, click **Confirm**.

